c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\HigherKnowledge_addin.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\HigherKnowledge_addin.pdb
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.v4.0.Utilities.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Outlook.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Outlook.v4.0.Utilities.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.v4.0.Framework.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Tools.Applications.Runtime.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.v4.0.Framework.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Tools.Applications.Runtime.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Outlook.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.v4.0.Utilities.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Outlook.v4.0.Utilities.xml
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\obj\Debug\HigherKnowledge_addin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\obj\Debug\HigherKnowledge_addin.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\obj\Debug\HigherKnowledge_addin.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\obj\Debug\HigherKnowledge_addin.dll
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\obj\Debug\HigherKnowledge_addin.pdb
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\HigherKnowledge_addin.dll.manifest
c:\users\abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\HigherKnowledge_addin.vsto
C:\Users\Abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\obj\Debug\HigherKnowledge_addin.Set.resources
C:\Users\Abhishek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HigherKnowledge_addin\HigherKnowledge_addin\bin\Debug\HigherKnowledge_addin.dll.config
